The Joe Rogan experience.
What was your experience like the whole SNL debacle thing? What was that like?
A very, very crazy. I don't know. It's tough to,
there's not many people that have, you can even talk to about it, you know?
Cause it you up a little, like it makes you like, uh,
not trust people and for awhile. Like in what way? I don't know.
I don't know how to explain it. It's but back to the main,
the experience of it was like, you just, uh,
it was kind of surreal because I went from,
I was one of the first people to get like canceled or however you want to say it
consequences. However, yeah.
However you want to say it doesn't matter what we call it. It is what it, but,
uh, I was one of the first people to go from. I was doing, I was poor.
I was not famous at all. I was poor. And then I got canceled immediately.
Like that was my like, right. It was a very different experience.
And then get close to the get canceled or yeah,
you got canceled on the way I got canceled immediately. Yeah. They,
they literally were like, how about this guy? And everyone was like, no.
So you got cast on SNL? Yes. And then what happened? Um,
so I found out I was getting on SNL the day before they announced it.
They got a call. They're like, Hey,
we want to put you on the cast the whole time I was we'll start from the top,
my agents and all those people, they were like, you're do you want to audit?
Or do you want to write, do you want to send a packet in for SNL?
And I was like, no, I'm not going to be a writer. I'm never going to,
I won't work on that show.
And then I guess they saw me at JFL and comedy central thing.
And they were like, we like him. We want him to audition.
He can come straight into audition.
So I went straight to the main stage for the audition and the whole time leading
up to it, I was like, I'm never, I'm never going to get this. I don't care.
I want to do standup. I kind of hated SNL at that point,
because every time every sketch was like, you know, you know what it is.
And then I was like, I'll never fit in there. And then when we,
when you go to audition, it's just,
you just wait your turn in a green room and they keep you there extra long for
like two or three hours to like make you nervous. But I knew I was certain,
I was never going to get it. And I really wasn't nervous.
I was in there dip and hanging out. And then they were like, all right,
it's your turn to go. But that's when the nerves hit,
like you walk in and you see the main stage because that's what you audition on
is like the stage. And it's a totally empty studio.
The whole room is empty except for a table of like writers and producers and
Lauren Michaels.
And then you go on and they're like three to go do five minutes. Wow.
In front of just the camera. Right. Are you doing stand up? I did stand up. Wow.
I did five minutes of stand up. That's all. And then, uh,
I ran into Michael Che that night and I was like, I was so nervous.
Like I was so nervous when I was auditioning. Then I had to like,
hold the mic against my chin because my hand was shaking.
There's no one in the room.
You just have to do stand up for five minutes to no one. That's so weird.
It was so, and,
and you're not supposed to look at or acknowledge the table of writers and
producers or.
Whatever. They have rules.
They have rules. They have rules that your agents tell you.
They never told you any rules. So your.
Agent says, do not look at the writers.
Yeah. They're like, don't even acknowledge them. Pretend the room's full,
just go. And everybody was like, they're never going to laugh the table, Lauren,
all of them, they're not going to laugh. First thing I said,
they all started laughing and it was like,
I was supposed to not acknowledge them, but you know, I was doing standards.
So what you said? No, I don't genuinely,
he just, just did a bit. Yeah, it was just, yeah, I was nervous. Uh,
but as soon as they started laughing, I was like, and then went back to,
you know what I mean? I was like looking at him. I could see they were laughing.
And I was told the whole time, no, one's going to laugh. They were laughing.
And I was like, oh. I did pretty good. Ran into Jay that night. I was like,
I sucked. I was nervous. He was like, no, you were, that was good.
Then a couple days later,
you get a call back and you go in to the office and you meet everybody and you
walk around and talk to everybody.
And the people I was with that were also doing that.
Then you go into Lauren Michael's office to meet him.
So the three people I was with, they all went in, slowly, met him,
left one guy didn't even get invited in. They just send them home, which is up.
They invited him to the callback and then we're like, no, nevermind. Wow.
And then they kept me there for an extra hour by myself.
And I was just sitting there like, oh, I got this. Like, I'm going to be on it.
Like, this is, I can't believe I got this. I wasn't even excited.
I was just like, this is wild. This is nuts.
And then I go into meet with Lauren and he's, he's the man. He's a nice guy.
And he was like, I'm going to use you, but I don't know how.
And like all that. And then time passes.
And I figured they were going to ask me to be a writer because that's usually
how it goes. Usually you work on the show to experience what the shows like,
but I don't know. I didn't want to be a writer.
By all accounts. That places a den of thieves, everybody. Yeah.
I've den of thieves.
You hear Jim brewers accounted the climate in that place and it's
horrific. Yeah. They're all stealing from writers.
They're stealing from performers.
If you're a writer and you submit your packages,
the higher up writers will steal your according to brewer. Yeah.
If you submit a package, they own that package. Even if they don't hire you.
I know that. So if you have some great premises,
they decided that just going to take your premises and not hire you. They,
they own all those bits. Yeah.
That's crazy. I mean, yeah. I don't, I don't, I don't,
I don't care about writing. I didn't want to be a writer. So I was like, if,
even if they offer me the writing thing, I was like, I don't want to take it.
I think I would have at the time. But anyway, they,
they asked me to go straight to cast. So I was like, yeah,
I'll definitely do that. Lauren calls says, Hey,
we want to use you on the show. We're going to announce it tomorrow.
He was like, do you have anything? Uh, you want us to check out?
Like they have people that vet you. Right. But they,
they're not used to people having podcasts.
Right. So they'd have to go through.
Honey. They go through your Facebook, your Instagram, your Twitter.
I was just like, I'll just delete all that. I don't care. Delete it. All right.
But I was like, I also have a podcast. And they're like, yeah, what's that?
And I was like, I don't know. I say like gay and retard a lot, like were like,
oh, that's fine. Don't worry about it. So I was like, all right, we'll see.
And uh, so the day they announced it it's, uh, it was,
it was cool. It was very cool.
You hear from everybody you've ever grown up with, they're all like, holy.
Which is like, I can't believe you're on this. And then,
so that lasted for about like three hours before an article came out.
That was like, here's what this guy says.
There's was a clip of me saying something, you know, unsavory stuff. Yeah.
But talking.
It was, it was the one podcast we ever filmed.
That's the one they used and it just happened. And it was funny too.
Cause people like, man, they really had to dig to find this. I was like,
that was probably like three minutes in.
We had one podcast online and it was three minutes in.
And it's what we were saying earlier. That's what podcasts are.
And that's what comics do a lot. We talk.
It doesn't mean you really mean those things.
But the idea today is that talking is not real.
They want to take out of context,
phrases and sentences that you've used and put them in quotes and make you look
like a monster.
Yeah. Yeah. For sure. It was only one.
Article that came out.
No, there was quite a few, so many articles. I was,
I think it was number one on Twitter for like three straight days. Wow.
Just getting a visceral. Read it all. I read all. Oh no.
Everybody was like stop reading. Cause I still read comments.
I read every comment why? I don't know. Oh, it's it's up.
And it's crazy too. Cause I'll read like 90 good ones and then one bad one,
one bad one will you up. Just depends which one it is. Right. You know,
I'll get called like a, you know, fat retard constantly. I'll be like,
whatever I can, I can walk through that. No problem.
But then there'll be one that's like he's near like something,
something where they get you where they, they know you. Yeah.
Like he laughs at his own jokes on every podcast. I was like, oh
Right. Anyway.
So I get all that stuff comes out and it was funny.
This is funny.
I went into Lauren's Laura Michael's office and he was talking and I was
convinced I was getting fired.
Like I knew I was getting fired because if they didn't get me on that,
there's so much more, so much worse.
And so he was talking to me and he was like, no, we think we can.
He's like, if we just get you to the first episode, like people will see,
you're not a piece of person. Right. Just talk and was like, whatever I'll do.
If I just, if I get fired here, whatever, I'll just go do Joe Rogan next week.
And I'll be fine. Anyway. I thought that was funny. No,
what? I was like, ah, I literally thought I literally thought that. Oh, okay.
Yeah. I thought it'd be funny.
Well, it could have been funny. Yeah. I was booked up though. No.
Was fine.
It was just funny to truly that was a conversation I actually had
really even Lorne Michaels office in the middle of that. That's hilarious.
I was in pure pear. Yeah. Yeah.
But.
'Cause I remember somebody contacted me like to have you on. And I was like,
I don't have any room. Like for a long could do like an emergency podcast,
but I'm like this dude ride this out and then we'll do one eventually.
Really glad that that did not happen. Cause I would have come in emotional,
come in guns blazing. And I never felt that way.
Like the whole time I was like.
I got to get it. When someone gets really canceled, you need perspective. Yeah.
You need, you know what it's like, it's like,
you need that venom to work its way through your system.
And then you develop a certain amount of immunity to the actual moment. Yeah.
Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. It was, it ended up being a good thing. So.
When Lauren pulls you in the office and says,
we just have to get you to the stage, we just have to get you to an episode.
Then what happens?
It just, it just kept, it just kept steamrolling. Like it never,
it didn't dissipate at all. Like it kept being like, no,
you guys need to fire them. And.
That's where the fun is the fun.
And going after someone is not going after someone and then no consequences that
makes them sad. Yeah. What's makes them happy so they can get you fired. Yeah.
And that's yeah, they did. They did a good job. Yeah. Yeah. And it's fine.
Look the whole time.
Here's why it's fine. Your sketches that you're doing,
what does it Ghillean keeps. Yeah.
Those are the best comedy sketches that are on the internet right now.
I'm not bullshitting the only thing that's at the same level as Kyle Dunnigan.
Oh, Kyle's done again.
The he's doing because he's got a massive advantage with that face swap.
Though. And he's so good at he's an.
Impression he's amazing. His,
if you've seen the new thing that Dunnigan is doing, he's done the, what is it?
The F he does a fresh prince take off with Biden. What.
Is it called? Yeah. Fresh prince of DC. Some fresh.
Like that. Fresh pres yeah, dude. It's it's tear jerking.
Who's bill Maher. Oh my God. It's incredible new rule.
It just, oh.
My God.
And it's just something about it that it's almost got like a south park S
quality to it because it looks so fake, but it's obvious. It's like,
it's like these things like,
look how bad these little tiny hand he holds up for bill Maher.
Like the face swap thing is amazing.
It really is amazing because he's like, look at AOC.
Cause it looks so fake.
Like you would never believe that that's the real person. So it's comedic,
but it's also the materials. Brilliant.
And you can get away with so much in someone else's voice when everybody knows
it's not really that person.
It's really one of the most genius platforms ever created. Yeah.
And he's the master, him and him and Kurt Medsker Kurt is, they're incredible.
They're they're both. Yeah.
It's the best. Kurt's like one of my he's one of my favorite.
Comedians. The you're doing is right up there with that. It's really funny, man.
It's really funny. And it's like something you would never be able to do on SNL.
The stuff you guys are doing, how are you financing this stuff? Uh.
I financed half and then we had a production company that finance half.
The Trump one was may the trumps speed dating.
Yeah. It's John McKeever.
He's keeps he's incredible writer. He writes all these edits.
Some make some he's.
They're really good, man. Yeah. They're really.
Good. I spazzed on that SNL.
No, you didn't at all. How do you spell it? Came out. No, no, no,
look it's awkward story.
Yeah, it is. It's always, here's what's uncomfortable about it is.
I don't want to sound like,
is weird for me to rail against cancel culture because I was a victim of
it for lack of a better word. You know what.
I mean? Why is it weird for you to rail against? I.
Don't know. I don't know. I just, it.
Makes peace. It seems defensive. Yeah.
Hmm. Yeah. I'd rather just be like, look, if people bring up cancel culture,
I'm just like.
Honestly, I really believe it's better for you in the long run. I really do.
You're a brilliant comedian. I think your sketches are incredible.
And I think it's better that you not get attached to something that's ultimately
corrupting and.
Going to be on the other side of it where it's like,
I'm a free speech guy. I'm a, it's like, dude,
I don't want to be involved in any of this. I just want to do.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan expenses.